Now if we see our other question
here it has four answers but the delete button is still active.
If we try to delete the question I'm sure it will be failed
because we have protected to be removed in the
server side by utilizing laravel policy. So let's switch
back over to our editor and then open question policy
here we authorize the question can be deleted if
the question is by owned by the current user
and it has no answer.
So here we need to rewrite this logic in our javascript code. Let's
open up authorization policies dot js
And then here let's create another method. Here
I'm going to call it delete question
the first argument is user and the second argument is question.
Here we simply match id of the user with user id of the question.
And we also check if question answers count is less than one.
OK now we can switch back to question component.
And change the first argument of the
authorize function to be delete question.
Let's save all changes.
reload the page
OK
Now the delete button disappear
great.
The last thing that we need to do before we end this lesson
is to wrap both of these in another vue js component.
Actually we can leave them like this and everything should be fine.
But I think it would be much better to create one big
component that will contain other components in
a page.
So let's cut everything inside this section content
and then call another component that we will create shortly.
Here we can say question page
bind question to question instance
and close the component. That's it.
Now we can go to assets js folder.
Here I will not place the new component inside this
components because I want to show that this is a big
component
where other components house in it.
It represents a single page.
So here I'll create new folder
and I'm going to call it pages. Inside this folder let's create
new file and call it question page dot vue
and then inside this file
just paste the code
and replace the blade syntax to vue js syntax
and last let's add script section
here
let's register the question and answers component as local components
let's add components property
and register them here.
Now we can go to app.js
and remove this components because now they
registered as a local component inside question page.
Don't forget to add props.
And then specify question.
All right
let's save all changes
and let's make sure that everything is working just fine.
Reload the page
something went wrong. Let me open console
Here I have ever unknown custom element question
page. I forgot to register this component in app dot
js file
so back to app.js
I undo the change
remove the last and change this to question
page and it come from
pages
Question page dot vue. Here
we can keep these components as a global component
Or let's just remove them from here because I
think they will be better as a local component.
Now if I save these
and reload the page. We will have another error
actually we'll get a lot of errors. This because we
need to register both components in question page
I mean we need to register them in question component.
So here
import vote from vote dot
vue. And then import user info from user info dot vue
and then add them in components property.
Reload again
the errors still remain.
But now I have six errors and to fix these we
need to do the same thing in answer component.
So let's copy these
then go to answer dot vue
paste
let's also copy components property
and then paste here. Save
reload again
OK
now we have no errors
and everything working just fine.
Now if I open vue developer tools
as you can see here now below root component we'll
have question page component that contains question
and answers component
OK
we have successfully rewritten the entire parts of this
show question page into vue js components and
it's make our application now look more interactive.
All right before we end this section there
is one thing that we need to do here.
If you see the answer component
and question component
we have some duplicate code.
So in the next lesson we'll refactor our code in
our components and implement DRY principle.
OK
Let's save all changes into our git
repo and join me in the next lesson.